As expected of the ancient doctor of the world
The family doctor's medical report is out
Grandma's metrics are better than mine
You say I am the blood and bone doctor
No wonder my wife felt it
Unprecedented ease
Gu Xuanyi, please
Support me too
There is nothing wrong with ancient shots
Why didn't Douluoi speak?
Help, kid
Come and kowtow to make amends
The assassination game isn't over yet
What's the hurry?
The old lady would have lived a few more months
After you are so consistent
Must die today
This birthday banquet has turned into mulberry leaves today
How dare you beat my wife
The concubine's bags are out, who else do you want to fool?
Push the light and reflect
I still want to die
Kill him tomorrow
Wait, I owe the Lu family my life
Trade my life for his
It doesn't have to be that way.
They can't beat my daughter.
Don't do anything stupid.
I hate Valkyrie, I have cured my grandma
The medical report is normal
Stop kidding yourself
Shut up!
Never been
Arrest and hang this man for me